README.md, before:

# Rosetta@home - help in the fight against COVID-19

With the recent COVID-19 outbreak, R@h has been used to predict the structure of proteins important to the disease as well as to produce new, stable mini-proteins to be used as potential therapeutics and diagnostics, like the one displayed above which is bound to part of the COVID-19 spike protein. [Read more](http://boinc.bakerlab.org/rosetta/)

This project has been built to get you up and running with as many devices as possible for the least effort.

## Hardware compatibility
This project should run on all 64-bit OS devices with 2 or more GB of RAM, but we've tested on the below:
* Raspberry Pi 4 (2GB RAM) **Note:** GPU memory allocation must be set to 16MB within device configuration
* Raspberry Pi 4 (4GB RAM)
* NVIDIA Jetson Nano
* Intel NUC (and other generic x86_64 devices)

## Getting started

This is a containerized application intended to run on [balenaCloud](https://www.balena.io/cloud/), which allows you to deploy it to an entire fleet of devices with a single command. BalenaCloud covers 10 devices for free, but if you want to run this application on a larger fleet please [get in touch](mailto:hello@balena.io).

### Setup the device(s)

* Sign up for or login to the [balenaCloud dashboard](https://dashboard.balena-cloud.com)
* Create an application, selecting the correct device type
* Add a device to the application, enabling you to download the OS
* Flash the downloaded OS to your SD card with [balenaEtcher](https://balena.io/etcher)
* Power up the Pi and check it's online in the dashboard

### Deploy this application

* Install the [balena CLI tools](https://github.com/balena-io/balena-cli/blob/master/INSTALL.md)
* Login with `balena login`
* Download this project and from the project directory run `balena push <appName>` where `<appName>` is the name you gave your balenaCloud application in the first step.
* The application will then be downloaded and started by each device in your fleet.

For further information, see the [balenaCloud documentation](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/getting-started/jetson-nano/nodejs/).

## Customization

By default, your device will contribute work units to the [balena team](https://boinc.bakerlab.org/rosetta/team_display.php?teamid=18832). To override this and contribue to a team of your choosing, you can set your account authentication key by using the [environment variable](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/manage/serv-vars/) `ACCOUNT_KEY`, set from the balenaCloud dashboard. This will automatically update the XML configuration file with your key and ensure you're credited for completed work units.

## FAQ

* You can start the cli-based UI by running `boinctui` within a terminal to the `boinc-client` container.

* If you are not receiving work units, in `boinctui` try pressing F9 -> rosetta -> update.

## Contributing

We encourage you to submit bug reports, feature requests and PRs, compatibility updates, everything! Let's get this running on as many devices as we can.

## Support

If you have issues deploying or running this project please start a thread in the [balena forums](https://forums.balena.io) and we'll be happy to help.

Commit message:

Update readme to explain web-ui
Change-type: patch
Signed-off-by: Chris Crocker-White <chriscw@balena.io>

README.md, after:

# Rosetta@home - help in the fight against COVID-19

With the recent COVID-19 outbreak, R@h has been used to predict the structure of proteins important to the disease as well as to produce new, stable mini-proteins to be used as potential therapeutics and diagnostics, like the one displayed above which is bound to part of the COVID-19 spike protein. [Read more](http://boinc.bakerlab.org/rosetta/)

This project has been built to get you up and running with as many devices as possible for the least effort.

## Hardware compatibility
This project should run on all 64-bit OS devices with 2 or more GB of RAM, but we've tested on the below:
* Raspberry Pi 4 (2GB RAM) **Note:** GPU memory allocation must be set to 16MB within device configuration
* Raspberry Pi 4 (4GB RAM)
* NVIDIA Jetson Nano
* Intel NUC (and other generic x86_64 devices)

## Getting started

This is a containerized application intended to run on [balenaCloud](https://www.balena.io/cloud/), which allows you to deploy it to an entire fleet of devices with a single command. BalenaCloud covers 10 devices for free, but if you want to run this application on a larger fleet please [get in touch](mailto:hello@balena.io).

### Setup the device(s)

* Sign up for or login to the [balenaCloud dashboard](https://dashboard.balena-cloud.com)
* Create an application, selecting the correct device type
* Add a device to the application, enabling you to download the OS
* Flash the downloaded OS to your SD card with [balenaEtcher](https://balena.io/etcher)
* Power up the Pi and check it's online in the dashboard

### Deploy this application

* Install the [balena CLI tools](https://github.com/balena-io/balena-cli/blob/master/INSTALL.md)
* Login with `balena login`
* Download this project and from the project directory run `balena push <appName>` where `<appName>` is the name you gave your balenaCloud application in the first step.
* The application will then be downloaded and started by each device in your fleet.

For further information, see the [balenaCloud documentation](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/getting-started/jetson-nano/nodejs/).

### Check the status

This project has a built in web interface that allows you to see statistics and more. Simply visit the local IP address of your device, or enable the public URL for your device in the balenaCloud dashboard and you'll be able to access statistics from anywhere!

![web-ui](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/balenalabs/rosetta-at-home/master/images/web-ui.png)

The web interface uses [GoTTY](https://github.com/yudai/gotty) to provide access to `boinctui` via a standard web browser.

## Customization

By default, your device will contribute work units to the [balena team](https://boinc.bakerlab.org/rosetta/team_display.php?teamid=18832). To override this and contribue to a team of your choosing, you can set your account authentication key by using the [environment variable](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/manage/serv-vars/) `ACCOUNT_KEY`, set from the balenaCloud dashboard. This will automatically update the XML configuration file with your key and ensure you're credited for completed work units.

## FAQ

* You can start the cli-based UI by running `boinctui` within a terminal to the `boinc-client` container.

* If you are not receiving work units, in `boinctui` try pressing F9 -> rosetta -> update.

## Contributing

We encourage you to submit bug reports, feature requests and PRs, compatibility updates, everything! Let's get this running on as many devices as we can.

## Support

If you have issues deploying or running this project please start a thread in the [balena forums](https://forums.balena.io) and we'll be happy to help.
